# 0.0.0: Lumière's magical pong

First! This release is our initial entry into opensource-dom. While we've done things privately for about 18 months, we're finally at the point we're ready to share this with the world.

## Release themes

### Hello world!
Our main goal is to get something out into the world and explain what we're about, and why we're working on this stuff. For that, we'll be posting on our new blog software, and focusing in on two of the four pillars: Story Bank and Production.

### Story Bank
The beating heart of the Foundry is the [Story Bank](/content/wut/story-bank.md). The first version is going to be simple:

1. A description of the "voice" that the publisher is going for.
2. Examples of good content
3. Examples of bad content

### Production
We're going to have a very spartan blog feature which essentially is a list view and an individual post view. It should feel like most blogs you've seen before. It will be markdown based initially, and won't even support themes yet. The goal is to outline the vision, not paint the specific picture just yet.

### DevX
One of our big goals is to be the best developer experience you've ever used. We think you should be able to go from knowing our project exists to deployment in < 2 minutes.

We'll start recording demos to see how close we can get. I'm not sure we'll get there on day one, but we do have some great developer productivity tooling.

1. Isograph
2. Graphql
3. Replit
4. Types (for everything)
5. Jupyter Notebooks
6. Sapling
7. A gui for most dev actions
8. A command line tool (bff) that backs up all the gui tooling

## Changelog

